what's up youtubers KB here and we're
going to be doing something different
but I want to make it this new segment
called app discovery and what we're
playing here is hovercraft bill fly
retry basically this is very simple game
but it's really interesting and how they
do everything in it because you can
basically create any heart craft that
you want and you can fly it this is just
the generic one that you start out with
and this is the controls are very simple
and you're just tapping the left or
right of the screen and you have your
gas up down below so the more blocks or
bricks you have the more gas you have
you'll see this later on I'm gonna try
to create something a small vehicle that
only has like 25 26 blocks and I'm
trying to stay on the road so I can get
a new record here absolutely I got 54
it's my distance no I don't want
notifications thank you but yeah this is
uh I love these kind of games the
physics building here so this is now
we're something into the realm of
building stuff here see all the crazy
different colors you can get on the
blocks and even tell you the direction
to their to me pointing it's basically
that little block you see in the middle
is basically that you're the overall if
that destroyed you're all done with you
can see some of the random other crafts
that I'll have you'll hit something and
you'll still be propelling forward going
off the ramp hitting another card so
forth dodging in and out of traffic but
yeah like it's it's a pretty interesting
stuff and I'm just gonna
don't judge me here just randomly build
something here and hopefully goes well
again I'm trying to go for small but I
didn't honestly calculate on the
complete fuel size that went a half so
I'm gonna put these boosters or
thrusters on right on here on the bottom
so I get some nice lift here and just be
good to go it's very simple I like this
I had a little bit of here kind of make
it kind of make it aerodynamic as
possible as a square can be that's some
color here give it a little tail nice it
looks pretty good I'm gonna save it
and we're gonna hit this or play it
oops Rowan I want to play it this one
there we go there we go well look what
smaller mine is compared to that Wow
okay and you can see my fuels gonna run
out very fast because again my craft has
next to zero any blocks on it and be
very well aware that on making sure that
you kind of that's about it I didn't
know that that's horrible
not good stuff there alright we're not
gonna try that again we're gonna make
something bigger here this is the
different other crafts that you actually
can buy and yeah you cannot actually
unlock these later on by just doing the
different runs and is retrying content
continuously you can have the dog and
all this comes up but we're just gonna
cut ahead real fast and I want to show
you some of the things that I want to
create that looks a little bit better
but it's not to the extent of some of
the other things that you actually can
win so I'll be right back guys so it's
this is a little bit lightly more
modified I've tried to add a little bit
of wheels to it a little bit of a big
old wing on the back it's not gonna get
anything near that amount of blocks that
you'll see but I just wanted to show you
some of the just the driving mechanics
and honestly the the physics stuff
you'll see in here in a second I'll just
try to dodge in around traffic you get
the multipliers by getting close calls
cutting in and out of the lanes you know
look at this yeah be careful it's hard
to tell at an angle on which one is at
what distance and some will just Brandon
would just pull out in front and I'm
about to run out of gas and yeah look at
that I just took that truck off the side
with me look at that three times that
129 is my best so I hit this little
middle button here and I actually get a
one of the purchased ones I can get and
I get the hummingbird it looks pretty
sick actually I'm gonna hit play when
actually play with this one for a little
bit just show you off some of the how
much bigger this is compared to my other
one and look look you'll this one
actually has this one is huge whoops
missing with a sound I'm sorry first
sorry sorry about that guys oops
why did it okay so this one is gonna be
much harder to cut a corner and dodge in
between things just because of how much
bigger it is and it's good it's kind of
a challenge it's really uh oh that was a
close call get that coin yeah like I can
go a great amount of distance with this
thing just in case on how traffic bad it
gets like 129 is my bass and I clipped
it Wow look up still pushing forward
knock some trucks off I'm good it's okay
you can kind of see a quick shot of what
you hit it kind of just a little cool
picture like that I really like that
aspect of the game the game this game is
free guys you should definitely check it
out if you like anything to kind of
create and build on your own and and to
see how you can destroy how far you can
go how you can take and discipline your
let your imagination run well his neck
isn't that good start I'm weaving and
bobbing oh my gosh yeah we're done not
good I can get another hardcover
hovercraft I hit a couple cars there
actually look this one the roasts are
version 2 all right let's try this one
out this one looks pretty cool it's
basically this one I just had the first
one but it's just in a different color
I don't know they'll kind of go all the
same speeds it's again it just all
matters about the fuel those coins are
nice look up whoop easy now easy now up
cut the traffic good there we go taking
the outside lane cutting in alright this
soon okay it's gonna get crazy on this
corner up here it always does if you
were gonna start don't cut me off don't
cut me off oh are you coming off oh I
took them off okay I'm going oh there we
go I can't get past that little prize
look at that hit that car smashed into
that taxi that cut in front of me then
it knocked off the moving truck mmm
nasty ooh look at this one this one
looks cool it looks kind of long I don't
I don't think it have a movie fan of
that to be hard to cut in and out of
traffic with this thing it's gonna be
really big mm-hmm
yeah I don't know about that let's see
here yeah there we go nice okay so far
so good no traffic ahead nothing crazy
okay we see a little traffic jam up here
and some taxis okay nice nice don't do
anything all just hit it guys check the
Scout game out
it's called hovercraft fly build retry
definitely check it out it's the App
Store is Kb sign me up